Chef
1)Chef is Infrastructure as Code
(a)Chef Workstation,Chef Server and Chef Node are the physical entities of Chef.
(b)Chef client will be present in the Chef node and it allows the interaction of Chef Server and Chef node.
(c)Knife is a command line tool which is used to interact between your chef workstation and chef server.
(d)Resource is anything you want to change/configure in the host.
Resource is the basic building block of chef.
Resources can be file,directories,Users and groups,Packages and Services.
(e)Recipe - Collection of Resources is Recipe which ensures the system is in desired state.
Chef has its own Domain Specific Language(DSL) and it is subset of Ruby.
(f)Cookbooks - Collection of Recipes just for one entity.Fundamental unit of Configuration and Policy distribution.
(g)Chef Development Kit (Chef DK)needs to be installed on Chef Workstation.

2)
(a)chef-apply hello.rb	//It just runs the recipe locally.
(b)Chef workflow - Read,test and repair.
(c)Chef extension should be ruby,then only it can understand.
(d)In Chef,we write in DSL and chef converts DSL to Ruby by itself.
(e)Whatever we specifies between do and end that is going to change the state of the server.
In chef,we need to tell what to install and not how to install.
Chef will take care of how it installs the particular resource or whatever.
Template is same as file resource,but it has different actions.
(f)Run list - It is the ordered set of recipes and roles that chef client will execute on a node.
(g)Default run list is do nothing.
(h)Resources are executed in order.
(i)It will be starting from first to last in sequence.
3)Attributes
Attributes are used by chef-client to understand:
(i)Current node of the state
(ii)What the state of the node after the previous chef-client run
(iii)What will be the state of the node after the current chef-client run

4)
(i)Organization is a place where we can logically separate our chef architecture.Organization cannot be 
talked to each other.
Bootstrap is booting of the machine to the infrastructure.To make our chef node into our infrastructure.
Bootstrapping is the command from which we can connect Workstation to the node.

















