JIRA
1)User Story - It is short description of functionality.User Story needs to be clear and concise,but it can
be divided into multiple tasks that are asked to different individuals.
2)Epic - It is the collection of user stories that can be viewed in the road map.
By default for scrum planning,we use story points.But in some of the cases,people are also using hours.
In the new version of JIRA,versions and sprints are two different concepts.
A version could be made up of multiple sprints.
Stories are requirements usually need to broken up into multiple subtasks that needed to be worked on a 
specific order by specific team member.
While sprint is active in work mode you can still plan for future by adding new sprints,we can have only
one active sprint at a time.
Another name for sprint is iteration.
We can also rank the issue in the JIRA agile,so it will come at the top.

Stories added after the sprint starts are not displayed on the sprint report however it will be displayed
on the Burndown chart.

In the JIRA board settings,we do have columns
Here we can set minimum and maximum values for the issue count

Swimlane is a row on the board that can be used to group issues.


Burndown chart will display the actual and estimated amount of work to be done in the current sprint.
This chart is used in the daily scrum and retrospective.

Sprint report is similar to Burndown chart,it shows the total story points being burned down through your 
sprint.However the key difference is that,In Burndown chart,we can see the total number of story points 
including the issues added after the sprint has started.While the sprint report,it reports a snapshot at 
the moment you press the start sprint button.Any points added afterwards are not reflected.

Velocity Chart - Track the amount of work completed from sprint to sprint. This helps you determine your
team's velocity and estimate the work your team can realistically achieve in future sprints.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JIRA Questions

1)Difference between Scrum and Kanban?
a)Scrum
(i)Scrum boards are for teams who like to plan their work in detail,before they start a project.
(ii)Usually includes creating sprints and giving story points to user stories,in order to plan which story
can go to which sprint.
(iii)issues with time estimates(plan mode)
(iv)Reports
Burndown chart
Sprint report
Velocity report
Version report
Epic report
(v)Advantages
Detailed overview of the project
Functionalities
Early feedbacks
(vi)Used with large scale projects
(vii)3 roles- product owner,Scrum master and team members
(viii)Time boxed sprints
(ix)Work is pulled through system in batches(from backlog)
(x)iteration planning

b)Kanban
(i)Allow users to start work without necessarily having a structured plan
(ii)Uses same column base interface as scrum for tracking the status of tasks,without ability to organize
those to sprints
(iii)No time estimates(plan mode)
(iv)Reports
Control Chart
(v)Advantages
Setting up speed(Minimal configuration)
Ease of use
(vi)Used in case of smaller project size
(vii)No prescribed roles
(viii)Continuous delivery
(ix)Work is pulled through the system
(x)Constraint-based tasks




























